Distopian world set in the future. Lag bare for å kunne spille med venner 🙂

Noe visuelt er sikkert feil med GameObjects visining. Kanskje den ikke blir lagt til eller kanskje den ikke viser på riktig vis...

After the nearend the human race has been suffering. The only colonies left known are the two colonies of Authradgard; Wessland and Anglia.
The only hope they have for surviving is by fighting and killing of all of their enemies. Three posthuman nations stand their ground and together they 
shall fight the opposing side with no mercey. After 4 million years of constant fighting in the Solar Empire and 
 Alpha Centauri colonies, the human race has evolved away from their weaker predecessors. 
The modified ones no longer feel fear nor hope.Though the upper class of Anglia still possess the anchient abilities.
Those men who felt these feelings have died in battle. 

With the help of the Theilrons the two still standing colonies might be able to fight back and restore peace and ultimatly
the evershined Solar Empire and its glorious army of death.




Legg til sjekk av versjon der om versjonen din app har er lavere enn den som er skrevet så får du feilmelding, men du kan overskrive den.

Battle of Authradgard

You can choose between 5 factions:

	Mennesker:
	Republic of Wessland:
		Basically americans.
		- Need oil and food.
		Summon disipline of freedom
		Archrival: Nazi Gaia.
	The Iron Hills:
		Rock and roll people! Like in Mad Max. Rammstein.
		- Need gasoline and oil.
		- Gain Nitro boost
		Archrival: AI
	Empire of Anglia:
		17-18th century stuff. Classical music.
		- Need gold and food.
		Archrival: Revolutionary Jotner

	Korsførere?
	
	Fiender av menneskeheten:
	Revolutionary Republic of Jotnatium:
	Jotner
	High class gentlemen, I mean gentlejotn.
		
	Gazellia:
		Animals, but nazis AND with shades
		- Summon the power of the Kraken and gain access to dinosaur
		
		lagde et dyr i labratorie en sabeltann. Plutsslig så stod han der og kunne tenke og snakke. Det farlige er at de kunne nå kommunisere imellom seg.
	0100000101001001:
		Bip bop. Sxy sexrobots who gain conscience. Robots start out not able to fight nor fought. You have to gain conscience by unlocking stuff.
		If the robots gain conscience then they are very dangerous! Strongest nation, with the weakest start.
		- Need energy (power, oil, gasoline)

Ganske fast paced turn based spill med tiles. Men tenker å ha hærer som en blanding mellom eu4 og civ på et eller annet slag.

Countdown to a apokalypse, ragnarok, rise of AI.
Armageddon.
Everyone has a great leader who if killed lose the game. The name of this great leader is also the name of the player

Every User has to have a final ID that is used instead of how its done now when checking if you were already a member of the game. Because the temp id used now will change after playing a different match.

If the amount of people is oddetall then it is free-for-all else team.

